Shen Qiujin
So hilarious, what did you do to my son?
Mr. Shen
If my fiancee loses a hair today
How about your son missing a bone?
For this woman who has never been through
Are you going to dismantle my Shen family?
Mr. Shen joked
I'm a broken thing from the root
Where did you come from?
Oh, no.
I have a home from today
Officially introduce Sucho
My future Mrs. Shen
Humph
He's just a superhero who can't stand the stage
I also want to enter the door of my Shen family
He is such a joke haha
Who wants to enter the door of your Shen family?
Just your broken house
There are seven or eight ghosts alone
I'm still afraid of bad luck coming in and losing my life
What nonsense are you talking about?
It seems that the Shen family does not welcome my fiancee.
In that case
Then we'll go first.
People want to come
Leave him alone.
What do you mean?
Since Miss Su is my future daughter-in-law of the Shen family
Then stay with the elders for a while
Catch up with Sister Shen Xiu
I taught you.
When powerful enough
Don't have any weaknesses.
If you don't bring my son back before today
I'll let you never see
Your woman
You don't take me
President Xi, please stay here first
I'll come to save you right away. Well, I'll wait for you.